or
how
for me
hello girls how are you today we are going to
talk about some accessories that are very
important and that is very fashionable but
sometimes we feel intimidated by
time to use them and they are the maxi
necklaces and I want to show you the
different types that I have and that I'm going to
use in this video with the outfits the
first I want to show you is this
black here that I bought in bershka and
It has like green beetles and
then some new iridescent experts
I love it and I always use it and I feel that
I can wear the polo or the shirt more
basic of the world and this sweeps it to the
come out to be much more elegant and
spataro and so big that it calls the
attention and I will convert an outfit of
bored as in the best outfit if you
like to try new things and you're like
'the on the wave or wearing necklaces very
great to try something like that now those that
They are like with you are very
fashion then I have this attack sure already
they saw in many videos and I bought it
on the channel about two years ago and it's
in very good condition despite
make fantasy because obviously it's not
of gold
and they are like interwoven chains
and what I liked about this is that the
golden is not a very strong golden like
that very artificial with gold but is a
donor more opaque as a mixture of
gold and silver and I quite like
because it is large and elegant neutral
so if you do not want to go by the side of
necklaces or smaller and you're super
big september the attention and be
extravagant you can try something like that
which is large and striking but not so
scandalous like the other one and I like that
the neutral because you can combine it with
absolutely everything and that is the advantage
of having this kind of gold as that
it does not limit you to combine them only with
warm colors but you can also
combine it with cool colors with
prints and with everything you want the
third necklace that I want to show you
I think it was the first maximum day that I
I bought and I bought it to see tuna
Even when I saw it, it seemed so
delicate and feminine that I said I have to
try these kinds of necklaces and I
agreement that I used it put absolutely
everything does not have so much texture that the
very rich piece and continued as a
flat outfit if you wear this you're going to
perform
much more and it's not going to call that much
attention and if you're the kind of girl that
you like a lot the feminine or for example
that you do not like to use a brand or a
checkered shirt because he feels that what
it makes a lot more masculine you should try
add a piece like this that is good
like for girls for girls I was going to
sweeten and will make it the outfit a lot
more delicate so this is the third
option that the three could do
necklaces that I'm using more now in
winter however the last two that
I showed you that they are golden you can
listen in the autumn winter
in spring when you want instead
this one here that is darker me if I
I would use more for winter
as I mentioned earlier the first
necklace is a winter piece and that's why
I decided to combine it with a basic sweater
Gray
Sometimes I like to combine outfits
dark so the colors the magical
already stand out much more however is
important that we give our attention in
the texture of our clothes for
prevent the outfit from looking very sober and
boring
and I'm wearing a knit sweater
open with some leather pants and
cotton and ankle boots
It's a very simple style but small
details like the necklace texture and
some extra accessories make it more
special and attractive
yes
very different
the second out feedback with all the
women who are afraid of looking very
recharged with a maxi collar the shape
Safer to use this accessory is with
a dress
It does not matter if it's a sleeve dress
long -sleeved zero-mark
your sunset
how my maxi necklace is one color
neutral metallic I decided to contrast it with
a soft and strong color fabric of this
shape the accessory will highlight much more
if not touch the dress
the hairstyle is also a very
important in an audio so that's why
I decided to put everything back for a
more sophisticated look
to make the object a little more
dynamic I added some animal heels
print and a cute wallet but if not
you want to take that risk you choose shoes
and wallet nude or black all
It depends on the color of the dress itself
rich
the last out fit is very romantic to use
more boy llares with flowers gives a
plus a female outfit or in any case
makes a garment look more delicate
more blush
because it has enough support
texture but little color I decided to play with
the colors of the outfit garments
I put a trumpet skirt ' are a top
white lace and a leather jacket
pink
By doing this you can integrate the necklace
to your outfit in a subtle way and without
it looks very exaggerated ideal for those who
They do not want much to draw attention
Finally, it is very important that you
I stressed that do not forget to incorporate
minus a strong color in your outfit for
get a more city look and not see each other
so pale
I hope you liked this video and
help them inspire a little more to
time to make your outfits and hopefully
deriven to use more magical and you're because
they are a piece some very very accessories
cute that most of us left aside
because we have to look a bit exaggerated
or we feel that he will eat us for
complete but give it a chance do not go
to repent and if they do 19 of
send me a photon to detail come
social networks I can always go
giving lay and to all the photos that I
Mandan I love to see castings follow
and we're going in the next video